hello and welcome to a weapons tutorial
to the g36 a camera and the g 36 k now
the weapons specifications are its power
is high its fire rate is moderate its
recoil is moderate its noise is moderate
its rarity is rare it's during is none
as effective range is 400 meters and its
damage is 3300 blood now this weapon can
only be found at helicopter crash sites
which means that its rarity is actually
quite debatable amongst people some
people although trouble finding it seen
it's very rare and a lot of people fight
pretty common I actually found this well
pretty easily but I acknowledge that it
is quite rare to find amongst the
various weapons that you can get now
from helicopter crash science now this
weapon is relatively new to the game
it's been in there for a while now but
it wasn't in there in the original it
was only released in a last couple of
patches so it is pretty new weapon it's
a great addition I'd say because of its
unique ability of having two different
scopes I'll go into that in a sec about
ammunition its primary ammunition is a
g36 mag but it can also take the stand
mags and the stand SD mags the weapon
itself is good for both close and
medium-range and I guess I'll sure the
medium range the close range now so
you've got your standard the default
scope is like this is oom den 1 but if
you hit forward slash on it you go to
the close range mode now just drop this
zombie here there we go and now pissed
off this one as well
and this other guy he doesn't seem to
give a fuck all right so that's a
close-range scope it's extremely
effective had this weapon because of its
ability to toggle between different
distances so if you're in a city you can
toggle Odin and if a person's running
away from you you can just toggle to the
long distance version of it and stomp me
it's just 12 circles I think he's stuck
in that um the light of that there we go
another headshot now also as you can see
there's three different markers in the
center the first marker is pretty close
range actually you're pretty much better
off just switching to the other scope
for that range but if you want it's
mainly between 100 200 meters and then
you want to slowly work your way down
the the first one down is 600 meters if
you got it right on a zombie's head or a
player's head at 600 meters you'll get
it and the second one is 900 meters and
so it's effective range is 400 meters
but it does give that a little element
of some long range firing if you really
if you the target is not moving at all a
completely stationary then you can
really pick off people with these little
gauges but honestly it's you'll be
hard-pressed to really hit a person at
that range with this weapon but you know
the option is there so it's pretty nifty
thing to have with the weapon another
thing about it which is pretty much it's
only criticism of this weapon is that it
is freaking massive it takes hub what
about 22 h the three-eighths of the
screen it's pretty pretty massive to put
it to comparison here's like my sidearm
look how much space that takes up like
tiny tiny bit and then you just get to
this weapon and the bottom right side of
the screen is just gone but I guess if
you just wanted to walk around currently
like that and even then like in
comparison like that's just yeah it is a
big gun like I don't think the sum of
the sniper rifles really compared to
how biggest weapon is but with that it
does you know you sacrifice that kind of
situational awareness with having the
ability just to toggle yeah user which I
reckon is a awesome feature to have this
is pretty rare with weapons the g 36 k
has it as well like i said the only
differences between this weapon the
other one that's why I'm completely I'm
really including the two weapons even
though i don't have the g 36 k on me i'm
including the two together because it is
just so similar the two weapons and its
fire rate is pretty pretty good so in
terms of using this for both say player
killing and just getting around places
this is probably one of the high end
medium to short range weapons that you
can get like ash jose is probably in the
the top three in terms of getting around
so it's a really high-end weapon if it
got very lucky to get this so fast and
without having anyone kill me over it so
hit so yeah it's pretty much all i have
to say about it once again helicopter
crash sites is the only place you can
find it got toggle zoom which is great
and it really takes about two two shots
to kill a player and as you can see like
one shot the killer zombie so it's a
great weapon a great addition to the
game i'm not too sure if they've
planning on adding any more new weapons
but if this isn't the standalone it's
definitely a weapon that you should try
to pick up over yeah the aks and all the
other ones so if you've enjoyed this be
sure to stay tuned for more